Improve concepts docs and add docs for agent and resources server (#796)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Gym: docs/about/index.md

## Motivation

Building and scaling RL training environments for LLMs presents several key challenges:

- **Decoupling environments from training**: Many RL workflows tightly couple environment logic with the training pipeline, making it difficult to integrate complex agent loops, iterate on environment design, and run controlled ablations.
- **Representing agentic trajectories consistently**: The community widely uses Chat Completions today, but it was designed for stateless, single-turn interactions. Agentic rollouts include interleaved reasoning, tool calls, and text across multiple turns. Without a schema that natively represents this, custom parsing and serialization is required for every environment.

> - **Resource management**: Environments often depend on external resources such as sandboxed execution, databases, and APIs. Each rollout needs isolated instances that must be reliably initialized and cleaned up.

Reviewer: nit but keeps consistent with first two bullets above

```suggestion
- **Managing resources**: Environments often depend on external resources such as sandboxed execution, databases, and APIs. Each rollout needs isolated instances that must be reliably initialized and cleaned up.
```

Author: fixed in latest commit
